Update documentation about permissions for CiviSEPA integration (#112)
systopia/de.systopia.twingle: docs/configuration/civisepa.md

extension. This allows for managing SEPA mandates and collections with
*CiviSEPA* for donations being initiated via a *Twingle* form.

To use the CiviSEPA integration, the Drupal / Wordpress user used by this extension must hold the following permissions, in addition to `Twingle API: Access Twingle API` which the user anyway needs:
* `CiviContribute (Zuwendungen): Zugriff auf CiviContribute`
* `CiviCRM: Zugriff auf CiviCRM-Backend und -API`

> If you want to combine the CiviSEPA integration with CiviRules, the Drupal / Wordpress user may need additional permissions. For example, to be able to set some default values on custom fields for newly created contacts, the Drupal / Wordpress user additionally must hold

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to combine the CiviSEPA integration with CiviRules, the CMS user may need additional permissions. For example, to be able to set some default values on custom fields for newly created contacts, the CMS user additionally must hold
```

* `CiviCRM: Alle Kontakte betrachten`
* `CiviSEPA: SEPA-Mandate ansehen`

> However, the Drupal / Wordpress user don't need to hold the `CiviSEPA: Lege SEPA-Mandate an` permission.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, the CMS user don't need to hold the *CiviSEPA: Create SEPA mandates* permission.
```
